Regarding the applications of quantum computers, the manipulation of molecules that occurs in chemical and biological engineering is one that necessitates the use of quantum mechanics. Conventional computers cannot simulate complex molecules with an exponential growth rate in their configuration. However, a quantum computer can easily carry out combinatoric calculations, and those calculations can accelerate the development of unique molecular structures and the creation of new drugs (Jane, 2021). Another extremely useful application of quantum computing is in Artificial intelligence, or AI, the intelligence displayed by computers without human interaction. AI is essential for human development as people become more reliant on technology. However, unlocking the true capabilities of AI may take decades or even longer because it can only develop through numerous simulations. Fortunately, quantum computers can be used to run those simulations much faster than classical computers or even supercomputers which would significantly accelerate the growth of AI (Haart, 2020). Quantum computers can also be useful in the finance industry to calculate the most beneficial investments based on a couple of factors such as returns and risks associated witht the investments. Such algorithm exists and are being runned on conventional computers but they are very time consuming and are hardly useful since there are enormous amount of calculations that are being made that the conventional computer can barely do in a timely manner. Fortunately, quantum computers can be used to perform these tasks which improves the quality of the investment which would consequently yield higher returns on investment. Therefore many companies are already investing in quantuam technology to get there hand on it before there competitors gain an advantage over them (Das, 2021). There are endless amounts of uses that we don’t even know yet because the technology is still at it early stages and these application that have been mentioned are only the beginning of quantum computing. Just imagine what it can do in the future or even being able to have a quantum computer as a personal computer. The concept of quantum computers was first introduced by Richard Feynman and Yuri Manin in the 1980s. Feynman, an American physicist, and Manin, a Russian mathematician, introduced a simple model to build a quantum computer that was later developed throughout the years.